Fix token detection (#8419)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`8350` Users will no longer be able to add duplicate names for an address for all evm chains to the address book.
* :bug:`-` Eigenlayer native restaking exited balances residing in eigenpod will no longer be double counted.
* :bug:`8397` Active/exited validators will now be propely displayed and filtered for validators that are tracked but the withdrawal address is not. This applies to protocols such as eigenlayer.

> * :bug:`8414` Users won't see tokens disappear from the list of tracked tokens of an address.

Reviewer: Little bit more specific

```suggestion
* :bug:`8414` Detected tokens will no longer randomly disappear from a tracked address if new events are processed.
```
